feat(): add caution while using template bound functions (#90)
typebytes/angular-checklist: content/components/minimize-logic-in-templates.md

  }
}
```

> ### Caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Gotchas
```

> ### Gotchas

Reviewer 2: I would consider renaming it to 'Best practices' as 'Gotchas' might confuse non-native English speakers not being used to seeing such a term used as a title (Gotchas having different meanings).

Reviewer: `Best Practices` sounds good to me 👍

> Be careful when doing this while the `ChangeDetectionStrategy` is set as `Default`, as it'd cause the template bound functions to be called each time the `Change Detection Cycle` runs. Optimize this by using the `async` pipe and having `observables` that return the required value (also while using `OnPush` Change Detection Strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful when the `ChangeDetectionStrategy` is set to `Default`, as it'd cause the functions bound in the template to be called each time the `Change Detection Cycle` runs. You can optimize this by turning on the `OnPush` change detection strategy and leverage the `async` pipe in combination with `Observable`s that return the desired value.
```
